Move charter text and update for package requirements (#164)
pharmaverse/pharmaverse: content/charter/_index.en.md

The pharmaverse recommendation is for all our new code collaborations to be hosted under github.com/pharmaverse. This forms a neutral home for all open-source repos falling under our scope. The admins of this org would include pharmaverse council members.

> The preferred model of development of new pharmaverse offerings would be to initiate projects as open-source from the start of development or as soon as a stable first draft is available. This is coupled with an expectation of engagement of other companies in ongoing testing and possibly via supporting development efforts with pull requests/issues/feedback. This way we result in more robust code for which many companies have already engaged with during the development process, and it has a higher chance of successful embedding. In addition, the open and transparent development reduces the chance of others creating duplicative parallel packages.

Reviewer: i feel like this first paragraph could be left in the charter, as it doesn't seem to repeat with anything on the other page, and i think its general enough to be in a charter

> For more information on development guidance and requirements, see the minimum inclusion criteria and recommended development practices available in https://pharmaverse.org/contribute/lead/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on development guidance and requirements, see the minimum inclusion criteria and recommended practices available via our [Package co-lead guidance](https://pharmaverse.org/contribute/lead/).
```
